twake (#1301)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.twake.md

# Twake

> The Twake node allows you to automate work in Twake, and integrate Twake with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Twake features, including sending messages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Twake node allows you to automate work in Twake, and integrate Twake with other applications. n8n supports sending messages with Twake.
```
